# Task Description

As an ML engineer in a video recommendation service, we are tasked with creating a recommendation system for our own streaming service, similar to Netflix. We have limited access to metadata about movies and TV series, obtained from the database administrator.

Our task is to improve an algorithm that will determine the most relevant recommendations for each title (movie/TV series) based on their characteristics.

## Data Description

In the `movies.parquet` file, we are provided with metadata about movies and TV series, including information about the title, poster, content type, description, genres, release date, and other characteristics.

- **Link to the `movies.parquet` file**
- **Link to the notebook for work**

### Fields

- **title_id** (`str`): IMDb identifier.
- **poster_url** (`str`): Link to the poster.
- **type** (`str`): Type of the title: Movie or TVSeries.
- **name** (`str`): Title name in Russian.
- **original_name** (`str`): Original title name.
- **description** (`str`): Title description from IMDb.
- **genre** (`list[str]`): List of genres.
- **date** (`str`): Release date of the title.
- **rating_count** (`int`): Number of reviews for the title.
- **rating_value** (`float`): Average rating of the title.
- **keywords** (`list[str]`): Keywords for the title (generated by IMDb users).
- **featured_review** (`str`): Featured review for the title.
- **stars** (`list[str]`): List of key actors.
- **directors** (`list[str]`): List of directors.
- **creators** (`list[str]`): List of creators.

